README.md, before:

# Supplementary Material for 

## Launch the Cytoscape session

- Please install [Cytopscape 3.7.2.exe Windows 64-bit](https://github.com/cytoscape/cytoscape/releases/download/3.7.2/Cytoscape_3_7_2_windows_64bit.exe). Cytoscape will install a [Java 8 JRE](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jre8-downloads.html#license-lightbox) automatically. 
- Go to the upper menu bar, click on File then click on Open, then select the cytoscape file. 
- MergedNetwork.1 will display the integrated network. 
- In the table panel, the name of the molecular entity, the detailed name of each molecular entity if available,
type (quantified and found enzymes: Protein ; quantified lipid species: Species; 
associated but not screened lipids: Lipid; associated pathways: Pathway; related upper lipid category: Lipid\_class )
- Molecular entities are differentiated by shape in respect to Type column values
- Upper Lipid categories are displayed by color. 

## Raw data

The folder `Shotgun_Lipidomics_Neurolipidomics` contains raw data (from Thermo QExactive HF) from shotgun lipidomics.
It contains the following subfolders:

1. `EE` (Enriched Environment)
2. `RI` (Rat Inventory)

## Questions, errors, issues 

Please contact the authors:
Canan Has   -   cananhas {at} gmail.com
Robert Ahrends   -   robert.ahrends {at} univie.ac.at

Commit message:

Added link to github lfs instructions.

README.md, after:

# Supplementary Material for 

## Launch the Cytoscape session

- Please install [Cytopscape 3.7.2.exe Windows 64-bit](https://github.com/cytoscape/cytoscape/releases/download/3.7.2/Cytoscape_3_7_2_windows_64bit.exe). Cytoscape will install a [Java 8 JRE](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jre8-downloads.html#license-lightbox) automatically. 
- Go to the upper menu bar, click on File then click on Open, then select the cytoscape file. 
- MergedNetwork.1 will display the integrated network. 
- In the table panel, the name of the molecular entity, the detailed name of each molecular entity if available,
type (quantified and found enzymes: Protein ; quantified lipid species: Species; 
associated but not screened lipids: Lipid; associated pathways: Pathway; related upper lipid category: Lipid\_class )
- Molecular entities are differentiated by shape in respect to Type column values
- Upper Lipid categories are displayed by color. 

## Raw data

The folder `Shotgun_Lipidomics_Neurolipidomics` contains raw data (from Thermo QExactive HF) from shotgun lipidomics.
It contains the following subfolders:

1. `EE` (Enriched Environment)
2. `RI` (Rat Inventory)

The raw files have been stored using [Git's Large File Support](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-large-files/versioning-large-files).
Please see the respective instructions to clone and check out the repository and the raw files.

## Questions, errors, issues 

Please contact the authors:
Canan Has   -   cananhas {at} gmail.com
Robert Ahrends   -   robert.ahrends {at} univie.ac.at
